1. In which cloud service model does the service provider manage the application data along with the infrastructure and 
   platform resources?
   -CaaS
   -PaaS
   -IaaS
   -SaaS

SaaS

Incorreto
Incorrect. Review the Overview of Cloud Service Models video.

2. In which IaaS cloud environment can the customers deploy their middleware and install applications?
   -AI
   -IoT
   -Virtual Machines
   -Blockchain

```Correct! The virtual machines (VMs) come pre-installed on the customer’s choice of operating system. The customers can 
then deploy middleware, install applications, and run workloads on these VMs.
```
3. What is one of the concerns in cloud infrastructure configuration and management?
   -Scaling infrastructure up and down as demand fluctuates
   -Business continuity and disaster recovery
   -Dependency on a third party for workload availability and performance
   -Solving complex problems involving millions of variables and calculations

Incorreto
Incorrect. Review the Infrastructure-as-a-Service video.
Dependency on a third party for workload availability and performance

4. What is the responsibility of a user in the PaaS model?
   -Workload management
   -Database management systems
   -Business process management systems
   -Application code and its maintenance

```Correct! In the PaaS model, while the provider takes responsibility for the application infrastructure, 
the user is responsible for the application code and its maintenance.
Application code and its maintenance
```
5. Which capability in the PaaS model eliminates the need for the integration of disparate components?
   -Business analytics services
   -Rapid deployment mechanisms
   -APIs for services
   -Runtime environment

Correto
Correct! PaaS clouds provide services and APIs for distributed caching, queuing, messaging, file and data storage, 
workload management, user identity, and analytics, thus eliminating the need to integrate disparate components.
APIs for services

6. Which is a characteristic of the SaaS model?
   -Applications reside on a remote cloud network
   -Services are free for the users on the SaaS cloud
   -Infrastructure and code are maintained by the users
   -Users can see only their own application

Correct! Applications reside on a remote cloud network, and users use these applications without having to maintain and
update the infrastructure.
Applications reside on a remote cloud network

7. What is the users’ role in a public cloud?   
   -Users own the storage their data consumes
   -Users don’t own the servers their applications run on
   -Users maintain the platform that runs their application
   -Users can manage the operations of the servers

'''
Incorrect. Review the Public Cloud video.
Answer: Users don’t own the servers their applications run on
'''
8. What is a feature of a private cloud?   
   -Application portability
   -Use of external computing resources
   -Limited security
   -Uncontrolled access

'''
Correct! Using the private cloud gives organizations the flexibility to build applications anywhere and move them 
anywhere without compromising security and compliance in the process.
Answer: Application portability
'''

9. If an organization needs to run a highly sensitive and mission-critical application with unpredictable performance 
   and capacity requirements, which of the following models would best meet its requirements?   
   -Public Cloud
   -On-premise Data Centers
   -Private Cloud
   -Hybrid Cloud

Incorrect. Review the Hybrid Cloud video.
Answer: Hybrid Cloud

10. What do you mean by “cloud bursting”? 
   -You can leverage public cloud instances for a period of time but return to the private cloud when the surge is met
   -You can incrementally modernize your core business systems
   -You can spin-up environments using pay-as-you-go in the public cloud
   -You can move applications and data between on-premises and cloud systems

'''
Correct! With proper integration and orchestration between the public and private clouds, you can leverage both 
clouds for the same workload. You can leverage additional public cloud capacity to accommodate a spike in demand for a 
private cloud application.
Answer: You can leverage public cloud instances for a period of time but return to the private cloud when the surge is 
met'''