1. Each Cloud Region can have multiple Availability Zones. What are Zones?
    -Unique physical locations with one or more data centers
    -Single shared point of failure
    -Geographic area or region where the cloud provider’s infrastructure is clustered
    -Standardized containers of computing resources

"""
 Zones, or Availability Zones, are distinct locations with one or more data centers with power, cooling, and networking 
resources.
Unique physical locations with one or more data centers
"""
2. Which of the following is a benefit of virtualization?
    -Cost savings
    -Increases your downtime
    -Runs a single operating system
    -Is secure

""""
Cost savings
Correct! You can run multiple virtual environments from one piece of infrastructure, which means that you can drastically reduce your physical infrastructure footprint.
""""

3. Which of the following types of Virtual Machine (VM) guarantees resources for future deployments?
    -Shared or Public Cloud VMs
    -Dedicated hosts
    -Reserved virtual servers
    -Transient or Spot VMs

4. Which of the following is a feature of bare metal servers?
    -Rapidly provisioned
    -High performance and secure
    -Low cost to use
    -Multiple tenants

"""
Correct! Bare metal servers are dedicated and intended for long-term, high-performance use in highly secure and isolated environments.
High performance and secure
"""
5. Subnets are the main area where security is implemented in the cloud. Which of the following is used to provide security at the virtual instance level in subnets?
    -Load Balancers
    -Security Groups or SGs
    -Public Gateways
    -Virtual Private Cloud or VPC

"""
Correto
Correct! SGs provide instance-level security.
Security Groups or SGs
"""
6. Which of the following is a benefit of isolation of applications in containers?
    -Abstraction from the host operating system
    -Repackaged into containers or containerized microservices
    -Open-sourced runtime engine
    -Preventing malicious code in one container from impacting other containers

Correto
Correct! The isolation of applications in containers reduces the chance that malicious code in one container will impact other containers or invade the host system.
Preventing malicious code in one container from impacting other containers

7. Which of the following storage types are ephemeral or non-persistent?
    -File storage
    -Direct Attached storage
    -Object storage
    -Block storage

Correto
Correct! Direct Attached storage, also known as “local storage,” is ephemeral as it is no longer accessible once the VM it’s attached to is de-provisioned.
Direct Attached storage

8. What makes file storage an ideal solution for scenarios where shared storage is required?
    -File storage is mounted to compute nodes via an ethernet network
    -File storage can be mounted on multiple compute nodes at the same time
    -Fast accessibility of file storage over the network
    -File storage can be mounted from remote storage appliances

Correto
Correct! The ability for File Storage to be mounted to various compute nodes at a time makes it an ideal solution for shared storage requirements.

File storage can be mounted on multiple compute nodes at the same time 

9. Which of the following scenarios is best suited for Block Storage?
    -Applications that need consistent fast access to the disk, such as databases
    -Where workloads do not require fast connectivity to storage
    -Low cost is a consideration
    -Workloads that need disk sharing between compute nodes

Correto
Correct! Fiber optic networks move traffic at consistently high speeds, making them ideal for applications that need consistent and fast access.
Applications that need consistent fast access to the disk, such as databases

10. Which of the following is a feature of Object storage?
    -Used where fast read and write speeds are necessary
    -Object Storage can be mounted on multiple compute nodes via an ethernet network
    -Storage is attached to compute nodes using a fiber network
    -You can directly use Object Storage without attaching it to a compute node
